date: November 2nd, 2016
meeting_type: TA Meeting
attendance: [<satyakra>, <johnfinc>, <thalaiky>, <tgsyre>, <saiakhil>, <abhinavm>]
absent: [None]
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {ubit: <ubit5>, : reason: Had class. This was known through a Doodle poll before scheduling the meeting.},
  {ubit: <ubit6>, reason: Abducted by aliens 15 minutes before meeting}
  ]
  
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <tgsyre>, progress: Finished the work mentioned in his issue for sprint 3}
  {ubit: <satyakra>, progress: Finished code for sprint 3 and will be working on improving the security for authentication in sprint 4}
  {ubit: <johnfinc>, progress: Finished the work mentioned in his issue for sprint 3}
  {ubit: <saiakhil>, progress: Finished the work mentioned in his issue for sprint 3}
  {ubit: <abhinavm>, progress: Finished the work mentioned in his issue for sprint 3}
  {ubit: <thalaiky>, progress: Finished the work mentioned in her issue for sprint 3 and will be working for improving security for sprint 4}
  
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <ubit2>, issue: Needs to contact customer to clarify requirements that have not yet been dicussed.},
  {ubit: <ubit6>, issue: After discussing with the TA it turns out that this problem is NP-Complete.}
  ]
  
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  - Dsicussed about what needs to be done for spirnt 4
  - Will meet tomorrow to discuss division of work in detail
  - Will be posting issues in github
  - Need to finish up the left over work
  - The GUI needs to be finished by the end of this sprint
  - Next sprint wil be used for deploying it on the server in the lab