date: October 14, 2016

meeting_type: group

attendance: [thalaiky, satyakra, tgsyre2, johnfinc, saiakhil, abhinavm]

absent: [No Absences ]

excused_absences: [ No Excused Absences ]

task_progress: [ 

  {ubit: <thalaiky>, progress: Completed the work necessary for sprint 2},

  {ubit: <satyakra>, progress: Completed the work necessary for sprint 2},

  {ubit: <tgsyre>, progress: Completed the work necessary for sprint 2},

  {ubit: <johnfinc>, progress: Completed the work necessary for sprint 2},

  {ubit: <saiakhil>, progress: Completed the work necessary for sprint 2},

  {ubit: <abhinavm>, progress: Completed the work necessary for sprint 2}

  ]

issues: [{No Issues}

  ]

Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.

- Division of tasks for Sprint 3
- Store equipment list on firebase and save it when a student checksout
- Also store the student's info on who checked out what
- Tristan wants to work with JJ and Akhil for parsing and data transfer from firebase
- Courses saved on database
- Department will have access to create new classes, assign instructor and TA
- implementing levels of access (Students, TA & Students, Instructor & TA, Department)
- JJ and Tristan to work on Displaying the EquipmentList, Reserving equipment and editing the 
equipment List.
- Akhil to work on approving the reservation, checkout eqipment, and tracking information on 
instructor side.
- Satya  & Thalaikya to work on login authentication for students, and instructor, and 
course details 
- Abhinav to work on Departmental accesss such as creating new classes and assigning instructors
and TA for the courses. 
