date: November 14, 2016

meeting_type: group

attendance: [thalaiky, satyakra, tgsyre2, johnfinc, saiakhil, abhinavm]

absent: [No Absences ]

excused_absences: [ No Excused Absences ]

task_progress: [ 

  {ubit: <thalaiky>, progress: Working to wrap up authentication and courses page},

  {ubit: <satyakra>, progress: Working to wrap up authentication and courses page},

  {ubit: <tgsyre>, progress: Still figuring out on bringing data from the database to the equipment display page},

  {ubit: <johnfinc>, progress: Finished course upload page, so will be helping out Tristan},

  {ubit: <saiakhil>, progress: Worked on edit page, reserve page and trying to finish loose ends},

  {ubit: <abhinavm>, progress: Working on the departmental page}

  ]

issues: [{No Issues}

  ]

Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
- Deadline is November 16th to wrap up things for backend and will be working on front ends
- Everyone has to submit their issues