date: November 9, 2016
meeting_type: TA Meeting
attendance: [thalaiky, satyakra, johnfinc]
excused_absences: [
<saiakhil>: Had a quiz
<abhinavm>: Had a quiz
<tgsyre>: Had to deal with financial/academic crisis with parents
]

task_progress: [ 
  {ubit: <thalaiky>, progress: Completed the stuff needed for Sprint 3, needed to finish the git hub issues},
  {ubit: <satyakra>, progress: Completed the stuff needed for Sprint 3, needed to finish the git hub issues},
  {ubit: <johnfinc>, progress: Completed the stuff needed for Sprint 3, needed to finish the git hub issues},
  
  ]

issues: [{No Issues}
  ]

Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
- Fix up the bugs needed for the sprint 4 
- Expecting everything to be done by November 16th for backend and then focus on making the 
website pretty by the end of sprint 4
- Andy suggested to use materialize which is a google Framework for JS and CSS and suggests
way in how we can make the website looks nice and pretty. 
- Everyone should create their github issues by the end of next week
- Follow naming convention when doing the meeting mins #formonth_#ofthedate
- Only upload/commit to your own personal branch and ONLY merge to Developer & Master
