date: September 10, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [<satyakra>, <johnfinc>, <thalaiky>, <tgsyre>, <saiakhil>, <abhinavm>]
absent: [None]
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {ubit: <ubit5>, : reason: Had class. This was known through a Doodle poll before scheduling the meeting.},
  {ubit: <ubit6>, reason: Abducted by aliens 15 minutes before meeting}
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <tgsyre>, progress: None}
  {ubit: <satyakra>, progress: Submitted the group formation form}
  {ubit: <johnfinc>, progress: None}
  {ubit: <saiakhil>, progress: None}
  {ubit: <abhinavm>, progress: None}
  {ubit: <thalaiky>, progress: None}
  
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <ubit2>, issue: Needs to contact customer to clarify requirements that have not yet been dicussed.},
  {ubit: <ubit6>, issue: After discussing with the TA it turns out that this problem is NP-Complete.}
  ]
  
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  - Discussed what needs to be done for the Sprint 1
  - What are the elements we need and how the project is going to be developed
  - We decided that to get access to reserve and checkout material in lab we will need to use a login page for security reasons
  - Once the user logins in it will showcase their course details that we will obtain from their hub. 
  - The user will be able to select the course that they want to checkout/reserve the equipment for 
  - After selecting the course they will be directed to a Reserve or Checkout page
  - In the reserve and checkout page the user will be able to check off the equipment and click on the reserve / checkout button.
  - If the user is a staff/TA/instructor they will have access to edit the equipment that are in the lab, approve/deny the requests made
  for reserving equipment, and check the roster for the class. 
  - We split up the work required for sprint 1 between the people. Each person is responsible for a page for GUI, which will be made in 
  HTML for time being
 
