date: October 3, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [<satyakra>, <johnfinc>, <thalaiky>, <saiakhil>, <abhinavm>]
absent: [<tgsyre>]

task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <tgsyre>, progress:learning django tutorials}
  {ubit: <satyakra>, progress: learning django using tutorials}
  {ubit: <johnfinc>, progress: finished django tutorials, wrote a python script that parses through files}
  {ubit: <saiakhil>, progress: worked on php code for authentification }
  {ubit: <abhinavm>, progress: working on front end material and working on django tutorials}
  {ubit: <thalaiky>, progress: finished the html css versions of webpage}



  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <everyone>, issue: we are having trouble deciding if we want to continue using django.}

  ]

Notes:  []| # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  {ubit: <everyone>, note:We will try and figure out django tonight, and if we still have trouble consider looking for an alternative backend}
  ]-
