date: September 28, 2016
meeting_type: TA 
attendance: [<satyakra>, <johnfinc>, <thalaiky>, <tgsyre>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {ubit: <saiakhil>, reason: Had class. This was known through a Doodle poll before scheduling the meeting.},
  {ubit: <abhinavm>, reason: Had to attend class. }
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <tgsyre>, progress:None}
  {ubit: <satyakra>, progress: None}
  {ubit: <johnfinc>, progress: None}
  {ubit: <saiakhil>, progress: None}
  {ubit: <abhinavm>, progress: None}
  {ubit: <thalaiky>, progress: None}
  {ubit: <tgsyre>, progress: None}
 
 
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <ubit2>, issue: Needs to contact customer to clarify requirements that have not yet been dicussed.},
  {ubit: <ubit6>, issue: After discussing with the TA it turns out that this problem is NP-Complete.}
  ]
  
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  -
