date: October 5, 2016

meeting_type: ta 

attendance: [thalaiky, satyakra, tgsyre2, johnfinc, saiakhil, abhinavm]

absent: [No Absences ]

excused_absences: [ No Excused Absences ]

task_progress: [ 

  {ubit: <thalaiky>, progress: Done with Login page and course details(FrontEnd)},

  {ubit: <satyakra>, progress: Working on FireBase(course details)},

  {ubit: <tgsyre>, progress: Working on FireBase(login page) },

  {ubit: <johnfinc>, progress: Working on a way to upload data to FireBase(equipment page)},

  {ubit: <saiakhil>, progress: Working on login page and working on checkout page(BackEnd)},

  {ubit: <abhinavm>, progress: Worked on the checkout page and conformation page (FrontEnd)}

  ]

issues: [{ubit: <everyone>,Switching to FireBase from Django for backend development}

  ]

Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  
