date: November 16, 2016

meeting_type: ta 

attendance: [thalaiky, satyakra, tgsyre2, johnfinc, saiakhil, abhinavm]

absent: [No Absences ]

excused_absences: [ No Excused Absences ]

task_progress: [ 

  {ubit: <thalaiky>, progress: Wraping up course details page.},

  {ubit: <satyakra>, progress: Implemented role values for different users},

  {ubit: <tgsyre>, progress: Working on displaying equipment list},

  {ubit: <johnfinc>, progress: Working on a way to upload data to FireBase(equipment page)},

  {ubit: <saiakhil>, progress: Done with login page and checkout page(BackEnd), working on the FrontEnd for the same},

  {ubit: <abhinavm>, progress: Working on Department page(FrontEnd and BackEnd)}

  ]

issues: [{ubit: <everyone>,Switching to FireBase from Django for backend development}

  ]

Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  