date: November 3rd, 2016
meeting_type: Group Meeting
attendance: [<satyakra>, <johnfinc>, <thalaiky>, <tgsyre>, <saiakhil>, <abhinavm>]
absent: [None]
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members]
  
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <tgsyre>, progress: no progress(first meeting of new sprint)}
  {ubit: <satyakra>, progress: no progress(first meeting of new sprint)}
  {ubit: <johnfinc>, progress: no progress(first meeting of new sprint)}
  {ubit: <saiakhil>, progress: no progress(first meeting of new sprint)}
  {ubit: <abhinavm>, progress: no progress(first meeting of new sprint)}
  {ubit: <thalaiky>, progress: no progress(first meeting of new sprint)}
  
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <ubit2>, issue: },
  {ubit: <ubit6>, issue: }
  ]
  
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  - backend done by 16th
  - front end done by the end of the sprint
  -basically just finishing up everything that we were working on last sprint with same division of labor
  -may try reading from .xlsx format instead of .csv(maybe)
